I think that we made a strategic error in the /docs/product-refactor-plan.md.  The plan has been executed, the code developed, but it has not yet been committed into git.  Here is the issue: the original service was called product.  The service, the database, database, secrets, etc. are all created/deployed using the service name (product) in services.mk.  This works really well.  In the plan we decided to separate out the administrative functions from product into product-admin and rename product to product-catalog.  By doing that we essentially broke the ability of using services.mk to create the shared products database. We also introduced inconsistency in the naming convention in /internal/service - we currently have an internal/service/product but there is no actual corresponding service called product.  

What I believe we should have done is to kept a service called product (what we now call product-catalog), create a new service product-admin (that can share the products database but require admin authentication to access), and update product-loader with the new config paradigm (detailed in the plan).  From a project this makes sense, the "primary" service is product (it creates the database and services the actual shopping application).  Supporting services that share the primary product database and provide support for the primary product service are then named product-* (product-admin and product-loader in this case).  

I want to refactor the plan to adopt this approach - it makes the most sense to me.  Do 2 things: 1) Update/rewrite /docs/product-refactor-plan to adopt the approach I described above, and 2) advise whether it would be better to take what we have learned from the work completed on the current plan and refactor what we currently have, or stash these changes and start fresh from the beginning to implement the newly refactored plan.  Think hard about both of these tasks.  Iterate throught the possibilities and provide the best plan and approach.  I want the code base to be clean and consistent.